com/spring/domain/BoardVO.java
 com.spring.domain.BoardVO
com/spring/mapper/BoardMapper.java
 com.spring.mapper.BoardMapper
com/spring/service/BoardService.java
 com.spring.service.BoardService
com/spring/domain/TodoDTO.java
 com.spring.domain.TodoDTO
com/spring/domain/Criteria.java
 com.spring.domain.Criteria
com/spring/sample/Restaurant.java
 com.spring.sample.Restaurant
com/spring/service/BoardServiceImpl.java
 com.spring.service.BoardServiceImpl
com/spring/domain/SampleDTOList.java
 com.spring.domain.SampleDTOList
com/spring/sample/SampleHotel.java
 com.spring.sample.SampleHotel
com/spring/domain/SampleDTO.java
 com.spring.domain.SampleDTO
com/spring/domain/PageDTO.java
 com.spring.domain.PageDTO
com/spring/mapper/TimeMapper.java
 com.spring.mapper.TimeMapper
com/spring/sample/Chef.java
 com.spring.sample.Chef
com/spring/controller/BoardController.java
 com.spring.controller.BoardController
com/spring/exception/CommonExceptionAdvice.java
 com.spring.exception.CommonExceptionAdvice
com/spring/domain/SampleVO.java
 com.spring.domain.SampleVO
com/spring/domain/Ticket.java
 com.spring.domain.Ticket
com/spring/controller/SampleController.java
 com.spring.controller.SampleController
com/spring/domain/ReplyVO.java
 com.spring.domain.ReplyVO
com/spring/mapper/ReplyMapper.java
 com.spring.mapper.ReplyMapper
com/spring/service/ReplySerivceImpl.java
 com.spring.service.ReplySerivceImpl
com/spring/controller/ReplyController.java
 com.spring.controller.ReplyController
com/spring/service/ReplyService.java
 com.spring.service.ReplyService
